chore: update PR template and rename issue template files (#1098)
all-contributors/allcontributors.org: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> ### 🔗 Linked issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🔗 Linked issue(s)
```

> <!-- Please ensure there is an open issue and mention its number. For example, "resolves #123" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If this PR is related to an open issue, mention its number. For example, "resolves #123" "contributes to #456" -->
```

I'm a bit split with this. I like the general principle of "issue before PR" but I wouldn't want to _force_ someone to open a PR for an obvious fix.

     Write in your own voice rather than copying AI-generated text. -->

<!-- Why are these changes necessary? -->
**Why**:
<!----------------------------------------------------------------------
Before creating the pull request, please make sure you do the following:

<!-- How were these changes implemented? -->
**How**:
- Check that there isn't already a PR that solves the problem the same way. If you find a duplicate, please help us reviewing it.
- Ensure that PR title follows conventional commits (https://www.conventionalcommits.org)
- Update the corresponding documentation if needed.
- Add any additional context, tradeoffs, follow-ups, or things reviewers should be aware of.

<!-- Have you done all of these things?  -->
**Checklist**:
<!-- add "N/A" to the end of each line that's irrelevant to your changes -->
<!-- to check an item, place an "x" in the box like so: "- [x] Documentation" -->
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Ready to be merged <!-- In your opinion, is this ready to be merged as soon as it's reviewed? -->
- [ ] Added myself to contributors table. <!-- this is optional, see the contributing guidelines for instructions -->

> [Bot Usage](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/bot/installation#4-update-your-contributing-documentation)

Reviewer: Do we want to keep a note for people to get recognised?

It feels important, but also I don't think the model of asking a contributor (particularly new) to take responsibility for adding themselves is the friendliest model 🤔.

Author: I wouldn't do this inside the PR template, what we could do is adding it to the [welcome message](https://github.com/all-contributors/allcontributors.org/pull/1057), where we can also explain it in more detail. Because I think this shouldn't confuse a new contributor when creating the PR, but then when it is created, reading about it in a comment is very nice. Wdyt?

Reviewer: Yes that sounds like a good approach.
